XR_MNDX_force_feedback_curl (#136)
KhronosGroup/OpenXR-Docs: specification/sources/chapters/extensions/mndx/mndx_force_feedback_curl.adoc

> include::{generated}/meta/XR_MNDX_force_feedback_curl.adoc[]

Reviewer: Need SPDX header like

```
// Copyright (c) 2022, Daniel Willmott
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0
```

*Contributors*::

> Daniel Willmott

Reviewer: Did jakob help you with this? Probably good to add him too if so.

:INCS-VAR: ../../../../generated

*Overview*

> This extension provides APIs for force feedback devices capable of restricting physical movement linearly in a single direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension provides APIs for force feedback devices capable of restricting physical movement in a single direction along a single dimension.
```

The intended use for this extension is to provide simple force feedback capabilities to restrict finger movement for VR Gloves.

> The application must: also enable the <<XR_EXT_hand_tracking>> extension in order to use this extension.

Reviewer: really? Then you better put that in the XML.

[open,refpage='XrForceFeedbackLocationMNDX',type='enums',desc='Describes which location to apply force feedback',xrefs='']
--
The elink:XrForceFeedbackLocationMNDX describes which location to apply force feedback.

include::../../../../generated/api/enums/XrForceFeedbackCurlLocationMNDX.txt[]

.Enumerant Descriptions
****
* ename:XR_FORCE_FEEDBACK_CURL_LOCATION_FINGER_THUMB_CURL_MNDX specifies that force feedback will be applied to the thumb curl
* ename:XR_FORCE_FEEDBACK_CURL_LOCATION_FINGER_INDEX_CURL_MNDX specifies that force feedback will be applied to the index finger curl
* ename:XR_FORCE_FEEDBACK_CURL_LOCATION_FINGER_MIDDLE_CURL_MNDX specifies that force feedback will be applied to the middle finger curl
* ename:XR_FORCE_FEEDBACK_CURL_LOCATION_FINGER_RING_CURL_MNDX specifies that force feedback will be applied to the ring finger curl
* ename:XR_FORCE_FEEDBACK_CURL_LOCATION_FINGER_LITTLE_CURL_MNDX specifies that force feedback will be applied to the little finger curl

> ****

Reviewer: We can include a snippet for this that was generated from XML, I'll do it for you.

include::{generated}/meta/XR_MNDX_force_feedback_curl.adoc[]

*Last Modified Date*::
    2022-09-07
// *IP Status*::

> //     No known IP claims.

Reviewer: If there are no known IP claims, please uncomment this

--

*New Functions*

[open,refpage='xrApplyForceFeedbackCurlMNDX',desc='Applies force feedback to a set of locations',type='protos',xrefs='']
--
The flink:xrApplyForceFeedbackCurlMNDX function is defined as:

include::{generated}/api/protos/xrApplyForceFeedbackCurlMNDX.txt[]

.Parameter Descriptions
****
* pname:handTracker is an slink:XrHandTrackerEXT handle previously created
  with flink:xrCreateHandTrackerEXT.
* pname:locations is an slink:XrApplyForceFeedbackCurlLocationsMNDX
  containing a set of locations to apply force feedback to.
****

The flink:xrApplyForceFeedbackCurlMNDX function applies force feedback to
the set locations listed in slink:XrApplyForceFeedbackCurlLocationsMNDX.

flink:xrApplyForceFeedbackCurlMNDX should: be called every time an
application wishes to update a set of force feedback locations.

A runtime may: relax force feedback when it sees appropriate when no
application is active, for example on start-up, or if an application has
crashed.
However, the runtime must: keep the last set of location information the
application has passed until the application calls the function again, or

> the application exits.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this in terms of session state, like the other haptic feedback stuff. (and actually does it really make sense to restore the previous limits when resuming? Lots of other things need to be re-done, I'd say that if the session leaves the focused state the force feedback is cancelled.)

Probably also say what state the session must be in to call this (probably focused)
